25 years ago we start the business
between me and my uncle actually we have
some contracts between between us and
some governments in South America
Suriname for example and they have
mining and they we are importing the
gold from from this mining from Suriname
a plus other other other company we have
another another company sharing company
like in Miami they are buying the gold
and exporting to us we have also our
offices in Singapore and in Turkey and
in Hong Kong also they are exporting the
gold to us for refining this is how how
we are receiving our balls a plus we
have different customer here the local
customer from the jewelry melting and
from the scrub they are receiving from
here from there and they are they are
melting and they sending us to for
refining we have we have the main
laboratory here in Sharjah beside our
factory and this laboratory is equiped
with the best and more technology
equipments in the world for testing we
are using for gold testing we are using
the cooperation method is fire assay and
that for silver we are using the
titration system we are producing in
large bars we are producing kilobars
also we are producing titty bar 116 gram
point 6 for 100 grams and in coats with
with packing it is 100 gram 50 gram and
1 ounces plus we are producing coins
regarding the the production we are
producing around the 300 tons per year
our production here in this Factory